The Joe Rogan experience. When you see David Blaine manipulate cards,
you realize like, oh, okay, like there's levels to everything.
Like David Blaine can do crazy with cards. Like he did with my daughter.
Like he like did these card tricks and I was watching everything he did.
And I have no idea how he did it. Like, well,
he did things where like cards would he have a stack of cards and he'd keep
tapping the stack and the stack would go smaller and smaller to those like two
cards. And you have no idea how he did it. He just looking at him like,
what are you doing? Like, it's like,
he's got access to time-travel and he's like pulling those cards out when you're
not looking. And then coming back to normal time, like it didn't make right.
I, I know how to do a couple minimal card tricks and I'm not very good at them,
but like, I have an idea of what's happening.
You need trick decks and.
For the ones I know. I'm not like the it's not, I'm not good at them,
but he was freaking me out. I was watching him do, when I swear, I was like,
I'm going to catch him. Right. I'm going to catch him.
I was two feet from him and he did something. I don't even, it just disappeared.
Well, the.
Ones we did where the guys were holding his wrist,
we had our security guys hold each of his room. He asked them to do it,
hold each of his wrists.
He rolled his sleeves up and he made these cars disappear. And you're like,
what is happening? Oh my God, what are you masters?
More than just car. It's like psychology. And like, yeah.
Misdirection mixed it all together at a level that we can't understand.
He's so advanced. Yeah.
I took one writing gig like six or seven years ago with Justin Willman.
Who's a genius. Great magician. He, he puts he's the Netflix guy now.
And, uh, um, I took the job because,
uh, Robert Morton,
who used to be the executive producer of Letterman was the VP of this. Anyway,
I take the job just cause it's a short two, four week.
We're making a pilot for this magician and I'm like,
I like magic magic school and Morty's the EAP.
So this'll be a cool thing to work on. Right. Short job.
So I show up day one and basically we're all in a big writers' room or whatever.
And I go, yeah, you know, I'll and they're like, we got Tony here. Cause he's a,
you know,
he's going to add some edge to the comedy on this show because it was a comedy,
it was comedy. Central's first ever magic comedy show the pilot.
And, and I go, yeah, you know,
I'll punch up whatever you guys show me the tricks that you want to do.
And I'll write jokes around the trick. And that's when I,
this is when I realized how cool this job was about to be. They go,
the main guy goes, no,
you write the trick and you write the jokes. And I'm like,
so you'll be able to do whatever my imagination thinks would be a cool magic
trick and like him and like four other magicians,
which was basically the rest of the creative staff at the same time. We're like,
yup. And that's what excites them is
me. Cause they can't even think of things. You know what I mean? They can,
but they want to hear what a different mind thinks would be impossible.
And then they figured out how to do it. What, what's an example? Well,
we ended up.
Because it was a pilot of a show.
We ended up having to figure out a theme for just the pilots.
So that for example, the, that was technology.
So one of the things was him versus him versus a
3d printer. Uh, um, in making things,
things appeared. It was really funny because there was this kid,
they went to this,
we ended up finding this like nerdy smart school where this kid was excited
about his 3d printer. And basically it was,
it was just him making things appear out of absolutely nowhere.
Well, one kid was still printing.
One thing with a 3d printer took forever and he ended up just pitch and pitch
and pitch and pitch and car, car, car, car card, like it ended up being,
you know, it's a comedy. So, but um, I'm trying to think of what other ones,
there were some really crazy ones. I think it's a whole world.
Where there's, there's things that they understand.
They know where the average person, like you look at a deck of cards.
You have an idea of what's possible with that deck of cards,
but they have just 10 X,
times more options, how to hold them, how to move them,
how to maneuver those cards. How to distract you with the other hand. Yeah.
I mean, I'd like to hang around with David Blaine for a few months. Yeah.
And watch him do that.
It ended up being one of the most fun gigs I ever worked on there was just,
I'd get home after a day of work.
And I'd find like the seven of spades in my shoe.
I'm like, this guy forgot to finish that one. He stuffed a folded card.
Under Jeff's a band. Wow. And he's like,
where's the card. And he's just like, where did it go? He goes,
look at your wrist. And he's like, woo.
And he like realized like it was folded and stuffed under his watch pan.
And he has a G shock. Right. So it's, it's not like a loose,
crazy watch band. It's a tight buckle, rubber strap,
watch band. He stuffs it in there and he's like, what the? And I'm like,
what the? No one saw it. Yeah. And that Jamie, what you were feeling,
some of it, right. Did you film some of it? Other.
People did that. So I was wondering, I was a big,
I was a big fan of his growing up.
Cause I was like a huge fan of magic David Copperfield.
But like after I figured out all the fake that was moved into street magic,
cause it's a little harder to do, you know? And that's what he was big on.
So I waited my whole life to watch him up close and he's got to be two feet
from, like I said, and I wanted to just, I wanted to try to catch him. And he,
he was so good at it. He did like seven tricks in front of you. Can't get it.
A really nice guy. Really nice guy, Mike genuinely nice on camera,
off camera with everybody, with security guys, with my family,
with everybody, like you can tell it's just really nice, friendly, genuine guy.
But some of the stuff he does is weird.
Like you made me shove an pick through his bicep.
Yeah. What was that like? I mean, what, here's the thing.
Yeah.
Um, it's not a trick, right? It's just pain.
And um,
I think pain is just a sensation. Right.
And if you could just tolerate the sensation, it's not deadly.
And one time I hit a nerve and we had to back it out and do it again.
I had to do it a second time. Cause I got in there and he said, stop, stop,
stop. Like he hit the nerve. So I had to back out and do it again.
I think it was supposed to be more disturbing and
impressive than I reacted to it because,
um, first of all, I'm used to pain, you know,
I've been doing martial arts most Mo so I'm always hurt.
I've had a bunch of surgeries and also I've butchered animals.
Like I understand muscle tissue and I'm not, it was just like,
why are we doing this? So it was more why we doing this then? Oh my God,
I can't believe we're doing this.
Like that one was not a good one for me because it's like, okay,
like I could do that too. Like if you want to shove that through my arm,
I could just sit here while you shove that through my arm.
I wouldn't like it though. Did he bleed? They bled a little bit. Yeah.
We had to stop and refilm because he had like a little bit of a hematoma. Right?
Jamie, wasn't it like a little building up. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
And so the security guys had have put like a bandaid on it and and check it
out. Some, one of them is a medic. How do you think he,
do you think he went through the.
Muscle? I pushed it through his arm dude. Like his muscle a hundred percent.
Not between the bone and the muscle. No, no.
I shoved it through his muscle 100%, but you can do that.
So the needle, it was an ice pick,
but I'm telling you, you can do that. You know, there's guys,
this is one of the things that we found out during the show that I didn't know,
there's guys that use that would shove swords through their body.
Their whole gig was shoving swords through their body. And we watched it live.
We, I mean, not live.
We watch videos of these guys shoving swords through this one guy's body.
Who's famous for it.
So it would take like a long thin sword and they shove it through his chest and
would come out the other end.
And he'd just be standing there with his sword thrill. Yeah. So here's me.
Did you see this? No. So here's me shoving.
What? Yeah. I.
He's like showing me how to do it. Push through here. Yeah.
Just shove it through. No, yeah. Poked it right through a 100% real.
But again, that's not the best one for me,
because if you're a person who's like,
doesn't necessarily see a lot of, um,
pain or you haven't, you still like surgery or someone getting,
but like if you did that to a doctor, right. The doctor would be okay.
I see what you're doing is pushing something through the muscle.
And it probably hurts. Right. It's not a good joke or a trick.
It's not a, it's not an illusion. You just doing something that hurts. I go,
okay. Like Steve Oak would do that. Steve has probably done that a hundred.
He does things like that.
Even with the critical didn't you go to clown college or something like that,
I think. But.
Yeah know climbed in a tree and had lions come chasing after him. Yeah.
Like he's he's the best. Yeah. He does a lot of. That frog thing too though.
That was a different thing. He swallowed a frog,
he swallowed a shitload of water. So during the podcast, he probably drank.
15.
He probably drank 15 bottles of water or something crazy.
And then he swallowed his frog and the frog is in his stomach with all the water
that he swallowed. And then he spit up the water slowly but surely in a buck.
We had an ice bucket on the table and then eventually got to the point where he
felt the frog coming up and he spit the frog out into my hand. Okay.
Good. Yeah.
I mean he knows how to do it.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st is December 1st.
They're going to be available everywhere,
but after December 1st they will only be available on Spotify,
but they will be free. That includes the video. The video will also be there.
It'll also be free. That's all we're asking is go download Spotify much.
Buh-bye.